README.md, before:

# camunda-modeler-linter-plugin

[![Compatible with Camunda Modeler version 3.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Camunda%20Modeler-3.3+-blue.svg)](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler)

[bpmnlint](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmnlint/) as a plugin for the [Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/).

![Screenshot of the plug-in](./docs/screenshot.png)


## Overriding Provided Rules

This plug-ins uses the [recommended bpmnlint rules](./.bpmnlintrc).

You may override this via your own Camunda Modeler client plug-in as shown below:

```javascript
import {
  registerBpmnJSPlugin
} from 'camunda-modeler-plugin-helpers';

import customLinterConfig from './.bpmnlintrc';

registerBpmnJSPlugin({
  __init__: [
    function(linting) {
      linting.setLinterConfig(customLinterConfig);
    }
  ]
});
```

Please note that you must use the [bpmnlint-loader](https://github.com/nikku/bpmnlint-loader) to bundle your [`.bpmnlintrc`](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmnlint#configuration) for usage in the browser.


## Licence

MIT

Commit message:

chore(project): add custom linter rules plug-in example

README.md, after:

# camunda-modeler-linter-plugin

[![Compatible with Camunda Modeler version 3.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Camunda%20Modeler-3.3+-blue.svg)](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler)

[bpmnlint](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmnlint/) as a plugin for the [Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/).

![Screenshot of the plug-in](./docs/screenshot.png)


## Overriding Provided Rules

This plug-ins uses the [recommended bpmnlint rules](./.bpmnlintrc).

You may override this via your own Camunda Modeler client plug-in as shown below:

```javascript
import {
  registerBpmnJSPlugin
} from 'camunda-modeler-plugin-helpers';

import customLinterConfig from './.bpmnlintrc';

registerBpmnJSPlugin({
  __init__: [
    function(linting) {
      linting.setLinterConfig(customLinterConfig);
    }
  ]
});
```

Please note that you must use the [bpmnlint-loader](https://github.com/nikku/bpmnlint-loader) to bundle your [`.bpmnlintrc`](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmnlint#configuration) for usage in the browser.

For a complete example, checkout the [custom-linter-rules-plugin](./examples/custom-linter-rules-plugin) that accomplishes this.


## Licence

MIT
